[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Cell succeeded in
absorbing Android 17!
With Seventeen's powers
added to his own,
Cell is one step closer to
achieving his perfect form.
Now, the monster has
set his evil sights
on his final target...
...Android 18!
Go! Now's
your chance!
I can't hold
him off for long!
Why... you...!
[TIEN SCREAMS]
That's some
incredible energy.
Yeah... Someone's
puttin' up a fight.
Hmm...?
Hey...
you alright...?
It's... Tien's you guys...
He's... He's in trouble!
♪ opening song ♪
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[CELL YELLS]
Wow... it feels like
Tien's hanging in there.
But still... his energy
is fading fast.
Tien is using his most
powerful technique.
He is holding nothing
back, it would seem.
But still...
Cell has not taken even
the slightest bit of damage.
At this rate, he...
C'mon... He knows
he can't keep this up!
What does he think he's
trying to prove out there?
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
Can you still fly?
Yes...
more or less.
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[A18] Come on...
We have to go.
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[A18]
I mean it, Sixteen!
[CELL GRUNTS]
No...!
You won't get away!
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[EXPLOSION]
You little...!
[GOKU]
You've got to stop
this right now, Tien!
All you're doing is
burning yourself out!
If you use up all your energy,
you won't be able to escape!
Do you hear
me Tien?! Stop!
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
[CELL YELLS]
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[TIEN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[THUD]
Oh...no, Tien...
[CELL]
Bah... She's gone.
[TIEN WINCES IN PAIN]
How disgusting...
To think that someone
as weak as this fool
could possibly
get in my way...
[TIEN WINCES IN PAIN]
[TIEN EXHALES HEAVILY]
Tien... That's it.
It's all over...
No... No...
I doubt you'll be giving
me any more trouble now.
But just in case...
Huh...?
No... Is that...?
So we finally meet, Cell.
It's Goku!
I gotta say...
You're every bit the monster
I expected you to be.
But... How did...
How did he just appear?
As much as I'd like to
settle this right now...
as things stand, I
think we both know
there isn't a chance
in the world
that I'd actually beat you.
But I only need
one more day...
Then I'm coming back,
and I promise
I am taking you down!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL]
That's the most ridiculous
thing I've ever heard!
You're too weak
to fight today,
but tomorrow you're going
to magically defeat me?
[GOKU]
That's right!
[CELL]
Nonsense! What difference
can a day possibly make?!
[GOKU GASPS]
Piccolo's energy...!
He's definitely still
out there somewhere...
What?
Come on, Tien...
You've just gotta hang on
a little bit longer, okay?
Wha...?
Ah... Piccolo!
Hey...! Piccolo...!
Stay with me!
What... is this?
How did they get all
the way over there now?
I couldn't even
see them move!
Okay, I've gotcha, guys...
You'll both be good
as new in no time.
As soon as we get
back to the Lookout,
Korin will have some
senzu beans for you.
Heh. What fools...
Do they really think
that I'll let them escape?
Huh...?
He's done it again...
It's some new technique...
Must be... But when did
he learn to do that?
I'll be sure to ask him...
right after I've absorbed
number Eighteen...
If she's still flying around
with that piece of
junk Sixteen in tow,
they can't have
gotten too far.
[WATER SPLASHES]
Finally...! Bulma!
[BABY TRUNKS MAKES BABY TALK]
Say... what'cha
got there, Trunks?
Huh...? See somehin'?
B-Burin... Bu-rin...
What...?
Krillin...? Where...?
'Cause I haven't
seen the slightest...
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
[BULMA GASPS]
[KRILLIN]
Hello!
Yep! That's him alright...!
Wow, Trunks...! Well done...!
You really are
my little genius!
Next thing I know
you'll be flying the plane.
But then... you do
take after yours truly.
[KRILLIN]
Bulma!
Hurry...! I need to get
the controller you made
to shut down the
androids, right away!
[BULMA]
Yeah, I've been
expecting you.
Here.
Wow... You mean this little
thing will take 'em out?
Just push the button...
But...you need
to know the signal
does have a limited range...
You'll have to be within
thirty feet for it to work.
What...?!
Just thirty feet...?
That's... a little
close... don'tcha think?
That's how it is!
If you don't like it,
make your own controller.
No... It's great, thanks.
I'll just have
to be careful.
[BULMA]
Oh, and before I forget...
I've got the new battle suit
Vegeta asked me to make him,
and I brought a few
extras, too...
One for everybody...
Would you mind
taking 'em with you?
Trust me, they're
pretty awesome.
[KRILLIN] Well, I'd
say Goku and the others
will need those
more than I will,
but they're all training
at the Lookout right now.
You think you could fly
'em up there yourself?
[BULMA]
The Lookout?
Oh, You mean
Kami's place, right?
Like at the very
top of Korin Tower?
Yeah, that's
the one.
Alright... I'll start
heading that way now.
Listen, good luck shutting
down those androids.
Thirty feet,
don't forget, kay!
Yeah... Right.
[BULMA]
Well, okay, then!
Off to the Lookout we go!
Bu-Bu-rin... bah-bah!
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN EXHALES]
[GOKU]
I've got to say, Tien...
That was a pretty
crazy thing to do.
Yeah, we were all worried
you weren't gonna make it.
But you're okay now,
and you managed to
hold Cell off long enough for
Android Eighteen to escape,
so I guess everything
turned out great!
[PICCOLO]
Still, it's only a
temporary victory.
As powerful
as Cell's become...
I doubt there's anyone
who can actually beat him.
Not even Vegeta...
or you, Goku...
He's just too much for us.
[MISTER POPO]
Goku!
Huh...?
Come! I believe Vegeta
and Trunks are about to
emerge from
the Time Chamber!
Really?!
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[TRUNKS]
Hey, everyone...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[GOHAN]
So how'd it
go, Trunks?
Yeah, we all thought
you'd be out a lot sooner.
Well, it did seem
like Dad was able to
push past the Super Saiyan
barrier pretty quickly,
maybe two months
after we went in...
Of course, that wasn't
good enough for him.
So for the rest of
the time he's been--
Been what?!
You've said
more than enough.
Heh... So basically,
then... it went well.
You'll see...
Let's just say, it would
be a complete waste of time
for you to go in there
and train now...
I'll have everything taken care
of long before you're out...
Cell and the androids, both.
Hold on...!
Listen... It makes
no difference
how strong you
think you've become.
It would be a mistake to
underestimate these opponents.
Things have
gotten a lot worse
while you've been
in there training.
Cell's absorbed one of
the androids already,
and his power's off the
charts compared to before.
Seriously, you have no idea.
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
Yeah, he's right...
I just had a chance to take
a look at Cell up close myself.
He's not like any
monster you've ever faced.
Ah...! There it is!
[KORIN]
What is that?
Ahh...!
Why you... I just poured
that tea! You maniac!
[BULMA LAUGHS]
It looks like Korin's
excited to see me.
Well, who can blame him?
Wow...
so this is the Lookout?
Nice place...
Hey guys! Hello?!
[BULMA]
Anyone still here?
You have a visitor!
That sounds like Bulma!
Ah, there you are!
[GOKU]
Bulma? What in the world
are you doing here?
Krillin told me where you
guys were all hiding out.
I hope that's okay.
[GOHAN LAUGHS]
Hiya, Trunks!
[GOHAN AND BABY TRUNKS LAUGH]
Huh?
Other Trunks...?
Wow, I barely
recognized you.
What's with the hair?
Oh. well...
I don't remember it
being this long before.
Is that a wig...?
Huh... You seem
taller, too.
There's this special room
here in the Lookout...
It sort of compresses time.
Basically, you can squeeze
a whole year into a single day.
Oh...
So Dad and I have just
been in there training.
Okay...
[BULMA]
But you don't look
that different, Vegeta.
Why isn't your hair
all shaggy, too?
A pure Saiyan's hair
does not get "shaggy";
it maintains the same shape
from the day that he's born.
Ah, whadda you know?
I never noticed.
You never noticed
you never needed a haircut?
[GOKU]
Heh... Guess not...
I was always to busy with
training for stuff like that.
So oblivious...
I'm sure you didn't
come all this way
just to talk about
Kakarot's hair!
Now why are you here,
woman? Get on with it!
Oh... yeah, right...
I almost forgot.
Here... Vegeta asked
me to make him
a new battle suit
a while back.
So, I got it done and
it turned out so well,
I figured I'd just go ahead
and make one for everybody.
Huh...?
[CLATTERS]
[GOHAN]
This sure brings
back memories.
It's just like the suit
I wore on Namek.
Wow... It's way lighter
than it looks too... Neat!
Yeah, I'm pretty
proud of that.
It was tricky getting
the material just right.
[GOHAN]
They're perfect, Bulma!
[BULMA]
Well, I do what I can.
But say... Aren't you guys
gonna put yours on?
If that armor is based
on Saiyan technology,
then I want nothing
to do with it.
Same here.
[TIEN]
There's no way I'm gonna wear
the same outfit as Vegeta!
Heh...
C'mon... don't be so picky.
If it's gonna help us
beat Cell, I'll take it.
That armor does
suit you, Kakarot.
It's a shame you won't
have a chance to use it.
Cell and the androids are mine.
Hey, if you can
really handle them
all by yourself,
I say go for it.
This is one fight
I'm rooting for you to win.
Well, I think it's time
I met this monster.
[GOKU]
I can take you to him
with Instant Transmission.
Oh, yes... That sounds
like a fabulously fun idea.
No chance.
That man...
He is as stubborn
as they come.
I should
get going, too.
Oh... Here,
wait a sec...
You better take a couple
of senzu beans with you.
You know,
just in case.
Yeah. Thanks.
Good luck...
But if things get
too out of control,
promise me you'll get
out of there... okay?
Right... Thanks again
for all you've done, Goku.
And good luck to you and
Gohan with your training.
You boys just make sure
you come back in one piece.
You got that?
'Kay... So...!
We're up Gohan.
You ready to do some
training with your old man?
Yeah!
Blast it all...
It's like they've
both just disappeared!
With the amount of damage
that Sixteen sustained,
they couldn't have
made it very far.
And with my superior speed,
I should have easily
overtaken them by now.
If they're not in the air,
that means they've must've
chosen to hide rather than run.
They could have landed
on any of these islands.
Alright...
[CELL BREATHES DEEPLY]
Android Eighteen...!
Show yourself!
Do you hear me, Eighteen...?!
If you do not come
out from hiding,
I will begin destroying
these islands, one by one!
My patience with
you is wearing thin!
Do not test me!
If you believe
that you are safe
because I have yet to achieve
my perfect form, think again!
If I cannot
have you, Eighteen...
I will destroy you!
As it stands, my power is
already without equal!
I do not need you!
I know you can
hear me, Eighteen!
Come out...! Immediately!
[ISLAND PEOPLE YELL]
That voice...
Where is it coming from?
Man... I dunno,
but it sounds like it's
comin' from everywhere!
[CELL]
Eighteen!
Where are you...?!
If you do not come out,
I will destroy every one
of these islands...!
I will not hesitate!
He's got us.
Do not listen
to him, Eighteen.
We are safe here...
Reaching his perfect form
is his only objective...
Despite what he says,
he will not take any action
that risks destroying you.
All right, Eighteen...
If this is what you want...
then I have no choice... do I?
I suppose
this island should be
as good a place
as any to start.
Hey,...what's
that up there...?
Is that where the voice
is comin' from?
H... How is it just
floating like that?
It's... some...
kinda' monster!
[EXPLOSION]
So then... Cell's starting
the fireworks early.
[NARRATOR]
Cell's ruthlessness
knows no bounds!
Will anything prevent
the monster from absorbing
Android Eighteen and
achieving his perfect form?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[VEGETA]
It is I, Vegeta,
Prince of all Saiyans!
Do try to keep up, Cell.
[CELL]
With who, you?!
You couldn't even
beat Android Eighteen!
[VEGETA] Don't you worry,
she'll be next on my list.
She's going to learn that
no one makes a fool of Vegeta
and gets away with it!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[VEGETA]
I am second to no one!
Do you hear me?! No one!